# Individual Self Assessment

## Self Assessment

Over the course of this final project, I first took on the GitHub Repository role followed by the Machine Learning role. We were loosely assigned roles after the first 3 weeks, but the bulk of our contribution came earlier in the project before making tweaks and improvements after that. As the first person to be in charge of GitHub, I’m the one who created our project repository and extended access/permissions to the other 5 members. Before submitting the first deliverable, I made sure to merge everything, reorganize everything, and get the ReadMe document into a cohesive format. With regards to the ML role, I spent a full day plugging our dataset into various Machine Learning models. I tried both a Logistic Regression and Random Forest model with various columns/attributes of our data fed into the model. My accuracy score wasn’t improving with the different iterations, and we eventually kept all 58 predictive columns in our final Random Forest Classifier model.

As for pieces of the project I was not as involved in, I never missed a team meeting and was ready to jump into Google or past Module lessons if we ran into issues getting stuck in the database connection, etc. I was very active in Slack to answer questions and ask questions as well. I’m all about collaborating and giving and receiving feedback and encouragement. 

## Team Assessment

Once we were past the hurdle of nailing down a dataset and what direction to go with the machine learning model, I think the biggest challenge of this project was the dynamics of working with 5 other people. For the most part, we worked great as a team, but there were some conflict towards the end that made things awkward and stilted for the group as a whole. Luckily Slack really made our communication seamless. We all contributed to group discussions and kept each other updated on progress. The accessibility of Zoom helped tremendously as well. Outside of class, we had several Zoom sessions just to make sure we were on the same page and could outline what to do next. The biggest challenge came with the aforementioned drama. David laid low the first full 3 weeks of the project. Despite being assigned to the Machine Learning role the 2nd and 3rd weeks of the project, he didn’t contribute anything until the day we were planning on submitting the 2nd deliverable. Because the TAs couldn’t make heads or tails of his code, we as a group moved forward with the other code we had been working on. He then accused one of the girls in our group of being controlling since we were using her code instead of his. It’s hard to say what we should have done differently. We did circle up on a call to address it head on and get everything out in the open, but all he said was he misinterpreted the code. Overall it was difficult to manouver working alongside him, but I think we all did the best we could. For new groups, I would say make sure you hear from every person in every meeting. If someone is more introverted, make sure

## Summary of Project
